White Supremacists for Obama (true!)
How the hair in my drain is like the curve of our ever-expanding universe
Teaching Stupidity!
Caldwell may pull Manning in the 2nd half, needs QB healthy for run at perfect record next season 
Dr Dre To Release Instrumental Hip-Hop Album About The Solar System
Religious Search Engines Yield Tailored Results : NPR
China makes fake rice from plastic
Obama accepts transparency award... behind closed doors
Louisiana Republican: Ban Abortion, Sterilize Poor Women and Pay the Wealthy to Procreate
While Cutting Social Services, Kentucky Gives $43 Million Tax Break To Bible-Themed Amusement Park (xpost from /politics)
Nyjer Morgan doesn’t realize it’s 9th inning until he wins game
Rick Perry Resigns Control Of Texas: God In Charge As of August 6
NATO Running Low on Blow-Uppable Sites
Michele Bachmann says the Soviet Union is a threat to America
Pepsi Getting Heat for Use of Aborted Fetal Cells in Flavor Research
Acer CEO: We're Going to Stop Selling Cheap, Unprofitable Crap
Lowe's pulling all TV ads from TLC show because it's portrayal of Muslims is too positive (X-Post from /r/News)
Comedian selling his mother's ashes on eBay and donating proceeds to charity
Court OKs Barring High IQs for Cops - ABC News
Microsoft patents "avoid ghetto" GPS feature. (X-post from r/technology)
Foxconn Chairman Likens Employees To Animals, Solicits Advice From Zoo Keeper
Newt Gingrich Vows To Establish Colony On Moon If Elected
Alabama Republican Senator: Low teacher pay is mandated by God
Professor Publishes Book
Muslim man arrested for sending a text to his employees that read "hope you blow away the competition" 
Cardboard cut out Ayatollah Khomeini “inspects” Iranian military (Crosspost from r/worldnews)
Dead gamer unnoticed in web cafe for 9 hours
Dead gamer goes unnoticed in web cafe for nine hours
Off-Duty Deputy Accused of Pulling Gun on Pregnant Couple | NBC Chicago
Man has heart attack while eating 'Triple Bypass Burger' at The Heart Attack Grill
Woman says she became pregnant after watching porn in 3D
MIT researchers conclude that tin foil hats amplify the government's ability to read your mind.
U.S. News - Wyoming lawmakers reject doomsday bill
Dunkin' Tempts China Palates with Pork Donuts
Aaron Rodgers disappointed in teammates’ Pro Bowl efforts
Wife uncovers husband's 'bigamy' on Facebook
Amish Man in Indiana Arrested, Accused of Sexting Girl, 12
The Associated Press: SC county GOP wants hopefuls to sign purity pledge
Billionaire Romney Backer: "The Ultrawealthy Have An ‘Insufficient Influence’ Over Politics"
Fox News criticizes Arrietty for being anti-1% (x-post /r/anime)
Iraqi teenagers stoned to death for emo haircuts
New Jersey capital city running out of toilet paper
Homeless as Wi-Fi Transmitters Creates a Stir in Austin - NYTimes.com
Tide Detergent Being Stolen From Stores Across the Country
New Hampshire Town Votes To Rename 'Jew Pond'
Rick Santorum wins another primary election.
Marshall University student sues Alpha Tau Omega fraternity after fellow fraternity member allegedly shot bottle rocket out of his anus
Lobbyists Call On Barack Obama To Tone Down Anti-Lobbyist Rhetoric
Spousal abuse? Lawmakers say, "Don't get divorced, remember the good times!"
Law to declare a single parent raising a child to be child abuse
Somalia Gets a Tourist, Mogadishu Officials Are Baffled
Pet Ferret Eats Seven Fingers Off Baby Boy
Abortion Causes Breast Cancer, New Hampshire House Declares
Check out my new, similar themed subreddit, r/newsofthestupid
More than half of Mississippi GOP voters say Obama is a Muslim, new poll suggests
Dude, Check Out Those Spoons
Bush league pimp's Android password stumps FBI
Cameron and Obama: No 'bromance' here
'Star Rabbit' Dies When Photographer Takes Wrong Step
'Star Rabbit' Dies When Photographer Takes Wrong Step
As Rod Blagojevich Heads to Prison, What Will Become of His Hair?
D.C. Assault’s (AAU basketball team) coach Curtis Malone charged with... assault.
Four daredevils do a BASE jump from Rialto Towers after cocktails at Vue de monde bar
Rare bunny stepped on, killed at his own press conference
Pile of pinto beans collapses on man, kills him
Santorum Takes 2 in the South
Invisible Children co-founder arrested for reportedly "masturbating in public, vandalizing cars and possibly under the influence of something"
Study: Men turn dumber around women
Meghan McCain to Playboy: ‘I love sex and I love men’ 
Canadian cops want to add a spying tax to phone bills to pay for warrantless wiretapping
Angry Father Bites Off 6-Year-Old Son's Penis
Gordon Ramsay's Dwarf Porn Double Percy Foster Dies in Badger Den in Wales
Entire Arena Football Team Fired During Pregame Meal
Brazilian Military Hires Batman to Fight Crime in Country
First Lady's Anti-Obesity Campaign Turned Heavy Children Into Targets, Group Complains
Mysterious, exploding poop substance killing Minnesota pigs
Westboro releases ‘You Might Be a Slut’ ad for Limbaugh’s show
Man Who Died After Being Tasered by Police May Have Lost His Life Over a Pack of Biscuits.
After night of drinking, dude loses car  
Man Eats Cocaine From Brother's Butt, Dies
Fox News reports "Obama's Bracket Busted" when it's actually doing well
Bloomberg Bans Food Donations to the Homeless Because the "Salt, Fat, and Fiber" Contents have not been Monitored
"Wife of pro-life presidential candidate Rick Santorum had love affair with abortion doctor 40 years her senior... who delivered her as baby"
Child Says Teacher Stole Lunch Money 
[META] With our recent explosive growth, I've decided to re-think and re-phrase the sidebar. Your feedback is welcome.
Atheists use ‘unholy water’ to ‘unbless’ Florida highway
Queen of England goes to wrong floor, whilst using elevator!
George C. Marshall High School Student Told To Read Langston Hughes Poem 'Blacker'
Woman kills herself at 105 after getting tired of 'waiting for death'
New Zealanders panic-buy Marmite in face of shortages.
Sexually deprived male fruit flies exhibit a pattern of behavior that seems ripped from the pages of a sad-sack Raymond Carver story: when females reject sexual advances, the males are driven to excessive alcohol consumption.
Alleged cocaine smuggler nabbed near border in car bearing ‘SMUGLER’ plates.. Bonus: Staying at the "Smuggler's Inn".
TSA starts frequent terrorist program. 100 bucks to bypass body-scanners, pat-downs, and you can even keep your shoes on.
New Hampshire Congressman Proposes Ban on Left-Handed Marriage
China Cracks Down on Maoists
DailyTech - Baffling Illness Strikes Africa, Turns Children Into Violent "Zombies"
Bride Marries Herself. Should More Singles Throw Solo Weddings?
Zimbabwe 'sperm hunters' picking up male travellers
Pornography study that was doomed to fail after scientists couldn't find a single man who hadn't viewed X-rated material
Idaho Senator suggests women don't know the difference between rape and consensual marital sex
Toilet Mutiny, please. Perfect, Onion or Real News Headline issue. Seriously?
A paraplegic man claims in court that GameStop and Marshalls violated his civil rights by refusing to let him enter their stores with his assistance animal: a miniature horse named Princess who pulls his wheelchair.
Cash grab on Md. highway after armored car spill
Kazakh gold medallist is played Borat anthem in Kuwait
Kazakh gold medallist is played Borat anthem in Kuwait
Man thwarts robbery using his knowledge of the movie Pulp Fiction.
Trayvon Martin shooting: Geraldo Rivera: Martin killed due to ‘hoodie’
Atheist Flabbergasted That Christians Would Help Him As He Goes Blind [X-post]
Men behaving nicely: Selfless acts by men increase when attractive women are nearby 
Apple Products Trigger "Religious Reactions" Like Cults
Hank, A cat in Arizona, is running for US Senate (x post from r/funny) (Video in the comments)
Easter Egg Hunt Cancelled due to Aggressive Parents
New York City bans mention of dinosaurs, aliens, birthdays and more on student tests as such topics "could evoke unpleasant emotions in the students."
French IMF Chief Strauss-Kahn charged with "Aggravated Pimping"
Man Blows Himself Up As Police Arrive To Evict Him For Raising Chickens
Running out of beer at a girl's birthday party resulted in gunfire, one dead, seven others hurt
Girl scores poor marks, forced by father to beg - The Times of India
Man Eats Cocaine From Brother's Butt, Dies
Ninjas attack medical marijuana delivery man
India's IT firms hire U.S. workers as they fight for visas
Lawrence O'Donnell interviews empty chair
Man cuts off foot, throws it in furnace to avoid job assignment
Woman Blames McDonald's for Prostitution
Man claims attack by lion, saved by a bear - Paradise Post
Spain's high-class hookers ban sex with bankers 'until they provide more credit for cash-strapped economy' 
Autism Puts Children At Risk For Bullying, New Study Shows
Vicar Hospitalised With Potato Up His Bum
Zombie walk plans stumble over Easter
Tacocopter Aims To Deliver Tacos Using Unmanned Drone Helicopters
Millionaire Is Worried it Will Be Awkward When She Demands Money from Homeless Man
Man In Cow Suit Steals 26 Gallons Of Milk From Walmart
68 year old ex-marine shot to death by police in his own home after he accidentally triggered his medical alert service in his sleep.
Iran's Female Ninjas File a Lawsuit
Squeeze your private parts tightly and urinate forcefully after intercourse to keep AIDS at bay
The music industry wants LimeWire to pay more money than exists in the entire world: $75 trillion.
Man Eats Cocaine From Brother's Butt, Dies.
'Twins' Sequel 'Triplets' in the Works for Arnold, DeVito...and Eddie Murphy
Neuroscientists Battle Furiously Over Jennifer Aniston
People Are Taking Out Student Loans to Pay for Kindergarten
Florida guard Erving Walker charged with stealing taco
Toilet Mutiny, please. Perfect, Onion or Real News Headline issue. Seriously?
Being bullied? Just act less gay, advise teachers
Scalia echoes GOP talking points | TPMDC
Kansas lotto player hit by lightning after buying Mega Millions tickets
Girl abandoned in battle to get baby boy
Three New Mexican Men arrested after deputy finds calf in backseat of car 
Gay rodeo has improved but still has goat panties. 
Gay rodeo has improved but still has goat panties.
Italian village makes it illegal to die
The Fountain of Youth: Juvenile Blood
Snake on a plane forces Aussie pilot to make emergency landing
Satellite Image Shows Star Of David On Iranian Airport Building's Roof | Fox News
Russia developing a gun that turns people into zombies (seriously)
Leaving this Mortal Coil With a Bang - you can have your cremated ashes turned into 210 fireworks for a funereal display.
Gay MP attacks Government plans to allow same-sex couples to marry
Coach wins national title, takes entire team to new school
Swede tweets cops to enforce speeding laws on road; police respond by patrolling road the next day. Swede promptly gets caught speeding on section of road he reported the previous day; promptly admits to idiotic mistake. :)
Instructions on a smoke grenade: Don't be a dick
Tide detergent stolen and used as currency
Being Homeless Now A Crime In Hungary
1985 Dictionary of Criticism on Philosophies has not a word against Juche idea, North Korean official outlet proudly points out
Boy almost loses toe in ferocious Puffer Fish attack
Here's a headline you don't see everyday (x-post from r/funny)
Great Headline (x-post from r/funny)
Arizona bill declares women pregnant two weeks before conception
Child on Easter Egg Hunt Found Hand Grenade Instead of an Egg (x-post from r/news)
10-Year Old Girl Gives Birth to Daughter
Chinese people get meaningless English tattoos [xpost from TIL]
Parents are protesting against a proposed apartment block to be built near a Sydney school, claiming paedophiles could watch children from their balconies
Birthers want proof that Mitt Romney was born in America 
James Bond Ditches Martinis for Beer - 007 Fans Cry Sell Out 
Gravy-wrestling model suffers horrific facial injuries after being hit with monkey wrench when she interrupted a friend having sex (x-post from r/funny)
Columbus residents see potential benefits of sidewalks
Dental X-Rays Might Make It More Likely You'll Have Head Cancer (x-post from r/news)
An imam in France has approved the marriage of two men who had previously married in South Africa, where same-sex marriage is legal, but the French government refuses to recognize it.
Marine Lance Corporal Tries To Attack Japan After Watching ‘Pearl Harbor’ Movie
Killer agrees to plead guilty.. in exchange for bucket of fried chicken
Soccer is ruining America and we have no one to blame but ourselves.
Pigeons Could Poop Soap, Thanks to a Special Diet - A plan to alter what pigeons eat to turn their feces into soap, to clean up buildings & car windshields raises ethical, legal & practical questions
Drunk at the reins: Four Amish teens arrested after crashing buggy into patrol car
Newt Gingrich Utah Primary Check Bounces
Man sentenced after accidentally shooting woman's mohawk he mistook for bird
Gingrich's check bounced in Utah - UPI.com
Burger King promotes artery-clogging bacon sundae.
Oklahoma woman accused of cooking meth inside Walmart
Drinking Alcohol May Significantly Enhance Problem Solving Skills
Five-Year-Old Boy Takes Heroin to Show and Tell
Death Star Dinosaur Aliens Could Rule Galaxy
Boy, five, brings 50 packets of heroin to school 'show and tell'
Jack Abramoff to Give Ethics Talk at McCombs School of Business
Skyrim publisher files for “Fus Ro Dah” trademark.
China censors Kate Winslet's breasts over fears Titanic 3D audiences will 'reach out for a touch'
Tennessee bill would define holding hands as a "gateway sexual activity."
Police forensic team help save blind author's novel after her pen runs out of ink 
4 Amish charged with illegal alcohol possession after buggy collides with police car
Perverted 'Doctor' Sucked on Women's Breasts to Cure Cancer | The Stir
Now You Can Smell Like Fake Whale Vomit - Finally, thanks to modern science, you no longer have to feed a whale a bathing suit full of rotten fish to get a supply of precious ambergris, the whale-vomit-derived material used in perfumes
Republican Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer signs abortion  ban defining pregnancy as two weeks before  conception. Difficulty: Not the Onion
Santorum Exit Frees Romney to go Left
U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower had three meetings with extraterrestrials says ex-government consultant
FBI led to Anonymous hacker after girlfriend places photo of her breasts online.
Naked Vermont governor almost eaten by bears
Naked maids will soon be sweeping through Houston
Who Drummer Keith Moon Asked To Perform At 2012 Olympics Ceremony
Leader demands ice hockey for desert state Turkmenistan
Let's solve income inequality by giving everyone $10 million dollar loans!
Birds Can Tell If You Are Watching Them Because They Are Watching You
Adobe to introduce Subscription based models for the Creative Suite. US$129 per month.
Weightlifter shoots self in shoulder after dropping weights on a bullet.
Gingrich: Give a Gun to ‘Every Person on the Planet’
Brazil Police arrest three people for killing a woman and using her flesh to make empanadas 
C word on Twitter now a crime in UK
Enlightened Chinese farmer branches out by growing pears shaped like the baby buddha
George Washington has been named as the greatest foe ever faced by the British
Some people are gay in space. Get over it
El Salvador marks murder-free day
El Salvador has its first murder-free day in three years
Brides-to-Be Using Feeding Tubes to Rapidly Shed Pounds
An anti-pornography film was banned due to pornographic content.
Swan drowns caretaker
English Ultranationalist League Leader Inadvertently Starts Comedy Twitter Hash Tag
Hubby watching porn online finds film starring his wife
Secret Service Agents Recalled Because They Allegedly Didn't Pay Hooker
Low attendance puzzles Cape storytelling festival organizers
Tupac 'Hologram' May Go on Tour
Physicist Writes Four Page Scientific Paper To Avoid Paying Traffic Ticket
Kindergartner throws tantrum at school, is handcuffed by police
Forest Service considering explosives to get rid of frozen cows in Colorado mountain cabin.
Taliban commander turns self in... for reward on 'Wanted' poster
Nude college student, high on shrooms, spooks a local 10 year old girl and is tasered by police for resisting arrest.
Prank at the Pentagon went unnoticed for years
Police: Gun pulled following poorly  attended ska show
Woman impregnated at Motorhead concert seeks father on Craigslist
Newt Gingrich bitten by penguin at zoo, a place where he loves to go
Swedish minister in racist cake controversy
Los Angeles Bans Tossing Football And Frisbees On Beach
Taliban commander turns self in... for reward on 'Wanted' poster
Fastest Man on Four Legs: He holds a Guinness record for his just under 20-second time for running 100 meters on four legs.
Elderly Woman Locks Officer In Basement, Receives $95K Settlement
FBI: Motorcycle Gang Trademarked Logo to Keep Narcs at Bay
Farmer Eaten Alive By Chickens In New Herman Cain Ad
Six year old pays for father's $10,000 medical bill with lemonade stand
Mystery company backed by James Cameron and Google executives may be an asteroid mining project [xpost from /r/tech]
A cloud of pot busts lingers over college football.  When Brandon arrived at Michigan in 2010 after  serving as the CEO of Domino's Pizza for 11 years,  he says he was surprised to learn how infrequently  the Wolverines were actually tested
Court OKs Barring High IQs for Cops
Pregnancy begins 2 weeks before conception now the law in Arizona
McDonald's rolls out McBaguette in France
Driver crashes into telegraph pole in middle of spacious desert
Kim Kardashian to run for mayor of Glendale - CNN.com
A woman injured during sex in her hotel room during a work trip is entitled to compensation. (x-post from r/humor)
3 killed in Texas cockfight shooting
English soccer captain suffers career ending pregnancy
American Nuns Busted for Being a Crazy Bunch of Radical Feminists
NY Banker unwittingly emails date a spreadsheet rating her and other women.
Fourth-graders meet with top Pentagon leaders to talk about peace
Miami Dolphins sign Les Brown, a 24 year old accountant and former college basketball player who last played football in high school
Pilot forgets to lower landing gear because he's texting
16 Amish Plead Not Guilty to Forcibly Cutting Hair of Other Amish in Feud. Ringleader's Name is Mullet.
F**king residents want their town name changed
Truck driver takes wrong turn, hauls 268,000 rounds of ammo into Mexico
NASA scientist claims environmentally-minded aliens may kill all humans because of global warming.
Woman arrested after shop dummy entered as Aberdeen council election candidate
Pregnant Man, Thomas Beatie, Separates From Wife.
TIL an 87-Year-old man killed three people at his home for the elderly by dressing up as the grim reaper and peering through their windows. (xpost from TIL)
Gay porn interrupts Canadian local TV newscast
Microsoft idea: Analyze Facebook posts to deduce mood, interests, education
New York eighth graders tested on the pineapple and the hare
Man fined for keeping penguin as pet
Earth Day co-founder killed, composted girlfriend (x-post r/history)
Boyband contracts chlamydia from a koala
University of Florida Eliminates Computer Science Department, Increases Athletic Budgets. 
Hunter aims at hog, hits girlfriend
Urban Outfitters tee offers 'Auschwitz Chic'
The Oops in the ‘O’ for Oregon
Saudi boy, 4, kills his father, who refused to buy him PlayStation
"Rebellious" Christians Put "In God We Trust" stickers on license plates in Georgia; Now you may have to pay not to have it
Investors Accidentally Fires Entire Company Via Email
Va. couple accidentally shot at gun safety class
Mysterious Rainbow River of Pills Appears In China
Asteroid Mining Venture Backed by Google Execs, James Cameron Unveiled
Pope Says American Nuns Too Focused On Poor, Not Enough On Gay Bashing 
Job security: Fargo ND police. You can a.) Have sex with a teenager in your squad car  and  b.) leave your squad car unlocked, allowing a thief to steal handcuffs, Taser, ammo and bulletproof vest and not endanger your job at all.
Another 'Heart Attack Grill' customer collapses while eating 'Bypass Burger'.
Talking pineapple question on state exam stumps ... everyone!
Florida man mistakes girlfriend for hog, shoots her.
"Hugh Hefner declares war on bedroom politics" (x-post from r/news)
Doctors: Teens Getting Drunk Off Hand Sanitizer
World Peace given 7-game suspension for elbow to the head
Colbert interviews Don McLeroy, a creationist arguing against science in textbooks. 
Woman starves to death on sunlight diet.
Woman starved to death trying to live on sunlight alone
Scots village Dull to officially twin with US town Boring
N.Y. Worker Who Donated Kidney Tells Boss, 'I Want It Back' - Careers Articles (xpost from wtf)
Google News Today
Reporter viciously attacked 
Reporter tells her story after being viciously attacked on live TV
Amanda Dougherty, Junior At Catholic High School, Banned From Prom For Having No Date
Man Tried To Have Wife Killed As His 'Birthday Present,' Cops Say
Typical Police Blotter 
Prosecute Wal-Mart, but get rid of anti-bribery law (Lolbertarians strike again)
One Direction, boy band in the UK, warned - may have caught chlamydia from Australian koala.
'Farewell Intercourse' law allowing sex with dead wives sparks fury in Egypt
Man forced to do the moonwalk at gunpoint
Thinking can undermine religious faith, study finds
Man soils pants with portable meth lab during traffic stop. [FP]
Dr. Seuss quotes considered political messaging in B.C. teachers' dispute
Woman kills man by squeezing testicles in street fight
Gordon Ramsay sex dwarf found dead in badger sett
Dentist pulls out boyfriend's teeth after he dumps her.
Dentist pulls out all of boyfriend's teeth after he dumps her
Kazakhstan thanks Borat for boosting tourism in country
London 2012: Missiles may be placed at residential flats
Man builds ark after flood warning
Man sues BMW for 20-month erection after bike ride (x-post from r/news)
French Presidential Candidate Uses Jay-Z and Kanye's "Niggas in Paris" in Campaign Ad
Norwegians sing to annoy mass killer
Hartford Man Stole $11,450 In Jewelry, Sold It For $642 to Fast Eddy, "For fast cash and the HIGHEST prices paid..."
Sega Begins Sales of Urine-Powered 'Toylet' Videogame
2 teens hit while sunbathing in the middle of the road
Fat girl says bar discriminates against her
The Salt and Ice Challenge
Newark and Camden metro areas among 25 safest in the US
Louis The Third went to a fraternity party, stood around while fraternity kids drank, and when one of them tried to shoot a bottle rocket of out his ass, he was "startled" and fell off of the deck and injured himself.
Dentist pulls out all of her ex-boyfriend’s teeth after split
Teen bites dog: You think we're making it up?
State Raids Lobster Operation
Stud bin Laden used sex potion, Just for Men
Rick Santorum Denies Photographing Lindsay Lohan
Fourth Lawyer Not Yet Stabbed With Pencil in Trial of Man Who Stabbed Three Lawyers With a Pencil (x-post from r/law)
Blind Dog Gets Guide Dog
Prison Officials Want Masturbating Inmates Labeled As Sex Offenders
Battle in Sydney suburb between neighbours wielding chainsaws and katanas.
Russian religious activists use holy water to disperse  Pussy Riot supporters in Moscow
New Jersey mom busted for putting 5-year-old in tanning booth
Coroner: UK spy found in sports bag likely killed - Yahoo! News
NJ mom arrested over 6-year-old's alleged tanning visit
WTF: Elijah Wood Cast in Indie Thriller Pitched as ‘Speed’ at a Piano (x-post r/movies)
Drunk Welsh tourists steal penguin from Seaworld while on vacation
Seattle's own Phoenix Jones (resident superhero) is called out by a new Supervillain, Rex Velvet.
Pregnancy begins two weeks before conception. That defies science Arizona!!!
Researchers released a shark with lasers on it into the ocean to study behavior. [xpost from /r/science]
Duke Nukem Forever goes back to being unreleased.
Foul Play Likely in Case of Spy Found Dead in Bag 
Ice Cube on Charles and Ray Eames. Not an Onion headline.
Obiwan Kenobi arrested in connection to Roseville hit, run
Man's portable meth lab explodes in his pants (x-post from r/humor)
Adults Concerned That No School on Mondays Means More Unprotected Sex
Pet parakeet returned to Japanese owner after telling police his address - New York News | New York Breaking News | NYC Headlines.  X-Post from /r/offbeat
Alexander Graham Bell used Kickstarter-like program to fund telephone
Pabst Sends Beer Man To Replace Student's PBR Stolen At Forkpoint
Scientist Invents Spray That'll Get You Instantaneously Drunk—But Just for a Few Seconds
Cops: Bullet casing falls out of suspect's rear end during search
Duel with samurai sword vs chain saw breaks out at funeral reception
Image of kissing policemen has been named the single work of art that best expresses British identity
Neo-Nazis Endorse North Carolina Amendment One
Ice Cube on Charles and Ray Eames. Not an Onion headline.
Hang-gliding pilot in custody as police await arrival of swallowed memory card
Private prisons & record execs conspire to make hip-hop more violent
Legos: How One Vulgar, Ambidextrous Toy Opened the Door for Gay “Marriage” in Denmark
Twitter admits to major oversight: “We forgot about our iPad app”
A Vanity Wikipedia Entry Will Cost You $300
North Carolina Pastor Advocates Punching Gay Acting Children
Man Struck By Lightning In Scrotum
Man sets mouse on fire. Mouse burns down man's house.
Arizona woman fakes breast cancer for free boob job
Serial underwear thief caught, after stealing over 200 pairs of ladies' underwear
Drugs smugglers leave bag on airport carousel 
Alabama Politician Obsessed with Donating Sperm
Former ‘Guns & Ammo’ editor charged with murdering a friend with a gun and ammo
Scientists spills coffee, decides to study effects of spilled coffee.
Dinosaurs' own farts my have caused their extinction.
Sheriff’s Deputy Fired Over Inmate Dancing Demands 
Thought this belonged here. [X-post from WTF]
Man pulled over for drunk driving discovered to be carrying small monkey in his trunk.
Man breaks into former MMA fighter's house.  Things do not go well...
Man arrested for hiding marijuana in her vagina
Dolphins killed after clubbers 'gave them drugs' during rave at Swiss zoo 
Australian billionaire to build Titanic II
Demon Denim - How Jeans are Ruining America
Chinese-Made Infant Flesh Capsules Seized in South Korea
My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic is racist!
UK may require you to buy a porn license to view porn
Escaped cow visits McDonald's drive-thru window
1200 Californians cause gridlock when they show up simultaneously for the same jury
Dinosaur flatulence may have warmed Earth
Parents arrested for strapping kids to roof of car after buying alcohol - fox59.com
Man exposes himself at Association for the Blind
Woman arrested for hiding marijuana...in her vagina.
Is Your Interior Designer Putting Your Life At Risk?
White girl who fronts Japanese rock band is actually a Swedish boy
5-year-old girl nearly drowns in Sonic's grease pit
Patient undergoing surgery beats up for surgeons because he was in a bad mood (xpost from /r/wtf)
Dolphins Die of Drug Overdose after Swiss Rave  Read more: http://newsfeed.time.com/2012/05/08/dolphins-die-of-drug-overdose-in-switzerland/#ixzz1uNVlgbUf
Michele Bachmann claims Swiss citizenship
Man Mistakenly Arrested and Sent to Jail for Dead Twin Brother's Crime
Stuffed Animals Packing Heat at RI Airport
Louise Mensch MP claims the public loathe the Human Rights Act.
Texas School Misspells Own Name for 9 Years 
Obama Flip-Flops, Declares War on Marriage
Obama declares support for gay marriage
Man tried to use a fake ID that belonged to the bouncer carding him
Man runs down sister over urinating cat
Representative Michele Bachmann becomes a Swiss citizen
Baby, 18 Months Old, Ordered off Plane at Fort Lauderdale Airport
Wife hits husband with SUV after fight over Wisconsin recall election."These crazy liberal nuts are always pulling this crap," he told the Journal Sentinel, noting that both he and his brother were supporters of Republican Gov. Scott Walker.
Contrary to popular wisdom, the rich don't control Washington. The poor and the middle-class do.
The rich don't control Washington | Marketplace from American Public Media
Man orders prostitute, daughter arrives
Texas Elementary school misspells its own name for 9 years.
Gay man files lawsuit claiming employer has pro-gay hiring policy
California TV Ad Says Immigration Causes Global Warming
Michele Bachmann renounces Swiss citizenship
Teacher on Unpaid Leave for Forcing Students to Wear ‘Cone of Shame’
Bristol Palin responds to Obama - same-sex marriage is wrong because kids need a Mom and Dad.
Scientists turn the page on the Mayan calendar and find more years after 2012 after all
Aaron Rodgers talks about what he’s looking for in a center’s buttocks
WWW.NOTCLAVE.COM
Cee Lo Green and his cat remix the 'Meow Mix' theme song
Man confesses to murders that happened over 30 years ago
Crews battling 4-alarm fire at Woodburn High School
Cyclist spots stolen bike on Craigslist, steals it back
Report: Dolphins died of drug overdose after rave 
Idaho Sheriff's Candidate Hosts Cross Burning 
Government Issues Study of a Study About Studies 
Lack of babies could mean the extinction of the Japanese people
US taxpayers getting cut of 'Passion of the christ' prequel
Baseball team forfeits championship game rather than play with a girl
Buddhist Monks Caught in High-Stakes Cash Game Scandal (x-post from r/poker)
New law forbidding "gateway sexual activity,"... "Kissing and hugging are the last stop before reaching Groin Central Station, so it's important to ban all the things that lead to the things that lead to sex" 
BBC News - Man stabbed to death by cockfighting bird
Beaverton church sues family after they criticize it online
Rand Paul: I Didn’t Think Obama's Views On Marriage 'Could Get Any Gayer'
Egypt funeral turns happy after dead man awakes
Famous punk rock star turning into a woman.
Boy, 11, bombarded with porn on sleepover
Boy, 11, bombarded with porn on sleepover
Peanuts in baby formula could prevent peanut allergies
[What an ass]Dad sews son's butt rather than taking him to hospital.
"Oops!" says Navy, "We may be deafening whales. Sorry about that."
Solution to snake problem: parachute in poisoned mice
6th graders made porn video at school
Mother tries to get likes on facebook by killing her own baby
Teen wears enough Axe Body Spray to set of his high school's fire alarm.
Knight riding across Canada for valour
BREAKING: Romney Announces Support for Corporations to Marry  
Facebook testing pay to promote your posts
Freddie Mercury hologram confirmed to play with Queen
'Women must bathe less, shave heads to avoid AIDS'
Kodak Had a Nuclear Reactor with Enough Weapons-grade Uranium to Start their Own War
Teen wears enough Axe Body Spray to set of his high school's fire alarm.
Swiss Accidentally Invade Liechtenstein
Greece: More than half police officers voted Neonazi party
Engravings of Female Genitalia May Be World's Oldest Cave Art
Detroit Judge proud of leaked sexts
Man successfully robs internet cafe, but forgets to log out of his facebook account
"In an appeal to middle America on Tuesday, Mitt Romney will compare the national debt to a rapidly growing fire hurtling across a prairie."
My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding Ruined My Life: An Open Letter to Channel 4 | TV & Film | Sabotage Times
Thieves Steal $500,000 In Medical Equipment Loaded With Flesh-Eating Bacteria
Holding hands is a "gateway" to sexual behaviour and mentions of it should be banned in schools, says governer
Dozens of raccoons invade Brazoria County neighborhood 
Apple has to patch Siri to stop saying the Nokia Lumia 900 is the 'best smartphone ever'
Mexican Jihad: America's southern neighbor quickly emerging as Islamist threat | Right Side News 
Man shoots friend in leg because he wanted to know what it feels like to get shot.
15-year-old schoolgirl died after 'doctor mistook tuberculosis for lovesickness'  [x-post from worldnews]
Tea Party group opposes a sister city plan with a Russian city because they think it's a communist invasion.
Newark airport security supervisor stole identity of  murder victim 20 years ago - 4 months before the  murder
Police baffled by mystery hairdryers in New Zealand
Man who got in gunfight with northern California police must begin the first part of his punishment...writing a book report.
Firefighter arrested: Charged with arson
Teen arrested after homework left behind at crime scene
Icelandic politician moves 30-ton boulder onto his property so he can hang out with elves
Michael Caine Trapped in Dressing Room
A Wife Beating Congressman, a Mail-Order Bride Service, & a Men’s Rights Group Improbably Join Forces to defeat the Violence Against Women Act  
Police Taser Use on Pregnant Woman Goes Before Court
Teenager found guilty of murder after conkers row
So-called "right wing extremist" arrested and abused for taking pictures at an airport
Canada, taking field trips to a whole 'nother level.
School sued for failing to get girl into law. 
Apple iPhone's Siri recommends HTC as a better phone
Iceland and Greenland consider adopting Canada's currency.
No Joke: George W. Bush Writing a Book on Economic Growth  
Ford, GM and BMW linked to illegal logging and slave labour in Brazil
Man Arrested for Ejaculation during a TSA Pat down
Henry Kissinger, in wheelchair, gets TSA pat-down - 
Ansonia Man To Be Burned At Stake, Admission Free For Kids Under 5
GM discovers why $10M Facebook campaign was ineffective: it never began
Emo Haircuts May Cause A Lazy Eye
Man who fathered 30 kids says he needs a break—on child support 
Man called 911 to report phone problems - UPI.com
Man who had 30 kids with 11 women wants child-support break.
Davis High fined $15,000 for selling soda – Salt Lake City, 
Illinois requires your home address when applying for a homeless identification card.
BIRTH HORROR : BABY'S HEAD TORN OFF DURING BIRTH
Texas school district apologizes for 'retarded' comment in yearbook
Assange stands 'real chance' of election in Australia
Hundreds of pet owls abandoned after Harry Potter craze fades
Half-naked woman in hot pink duct tape attacks, injures 3 cops
Facebook split: Indian woman divorcing husband who failed to change his relationship status to married
Elderly man assaulted, Arrested in ensuing chaos. 
Driver beaten after car veers into bikers
